fix(ios): clarify API.swift file, remove references to deprecated AmplifyTools (#3209)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/start/getting-started/fragments/ios/add-api.md

    ```bash
    amplify push
    ```
Answer `No` to `? Do you want to generate code for your newly created GraphQL API`.

> Answering `Yes` will generate an `API.swift` file which is only necessary when AppSync is directly used. You'll use the `amplify codegen models` command to generate DataStore Swift models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answering `Yes` will generate an `API.swift` file which is only necessary when directly using the AWSAppSync SDK. When you're using Amplify API or Amplify DataStore, you'll use the `amplify codegen models` command to generate Swift models.
```
